so I wanted to share some thoughts with
you guys about this phone before Apple's
marketing hit too hard the iPhone 11 was
one of the most heavily leaked phones we
saw in 2019 we knew everything about
this phone like by the middle of the
summer we knew there's gonna be three
phones a normal one a big one a cheaper
one same screens same form factor as
last year's and the year before that
lightning port and each phone now has an
extra camera lens the truth is though
that all this talk about hardware is
almost irrelevant to the conversation we
know that it's gonna be an iterative
change or an iterative update for the
iPhones this year and it's gonna be
pushed and marketed quite heavily by
Apple and over the next week or two
we're gonna see a lot of videos on
YouTube that talk about how you
shouldn't buy the iPhone 11 but the
hardware is not bad it's actually good
like objectively speaking it's a great
iPhone but because of where the iPhone
11 sit in terms of Apple's product cycle
and how they launch things it just feels
like they're selling a product pushing a
product that shouldn't be sold it really
is like a placeholder for next year's
iPhones see the iPhone 10 from two years
ago was a really good phone as an
expensive phone as one of the first ones
to break $1000 but people recognize it
as being a really solid phone from Apple
the 10s felt like an iterative change
with just a camera upgrade so the iPhone
11 with now a two year old body feels
even more so the 20/20 iPhones the ones
coming out next year are going to be a
very big shift in hardware it's supposed
to be new form factors including an even
smaller one new screens in display touch
ID use PC charging and a supposed 5 G
option it's going to be the iPhone
upgrade that everyone wants and it's
honestly the upgrade that people deserve
in 2019 unfortunately we're not getting
in 2019
we're gonna get next year the other
thing is Apple software one of Apple's
greatest strengths I actually considered
to be the greatest strengths from the
whole Apple ecosystem is their software
you can run their latest and greatest
iOS version on much older hardware you
can run iOS 13 on the iPhone se a three
and a half year old phone with two gigs
of RAM and it's stable and smooth that's
Apple that's the real value of Apple's
iPhones right now to have this cohesive
and well tuned software for the phones B
don't need to buy it this is free every
single
modern iPhone gets iOS 13 for free and
with Apple's iPhone battery replacement
program it really feels like a tough
sell for these iPhone 11s now here's the
thing if it was any other brand it feels
like Samsung Google or just any other
phone brand selling this iterative
change like they have on the iPhone 11s
would have been a marketing nightmare
it'd have been like the toughest thing
to do but Apple is Apple they are so
good at marketing these things they're
so good at making you want things that
you really shouldn't want and these
phones are going to sell and it kills me
knowing that so many people are gonna be
spending some serious money
on these phones so if you're an iPhone
user and I'm saying you should switch to
Android I'm saying take a step back look
at all the moving pieces here and think
to yourself is this a phone you should
actually purchase and it's not about
them releasing a new phone next year
there's always a new iPhone it's a
combination of how good the next year's
phone will be and just how insignificant
the changes are this year like if you
buy an iPhone 11 this year I think
you're getting bamboozled because you're
gonna want the iPhone 12 whatever they
call it next year you're gonna be
spending money twice okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it subs if you love to see you guys next
time
you